we begin in central Gaza where
Palestinians have been the target of yet
another deadly Israeli attack this time
in the nus refugee camp at least 14
people were killed when Israeli missiles
hit a residential tower on Tuesday night
the victims are mostly women and
children the attack happened as the
Muslim holy month of Ramadan comes to an
end it's been six months since the war
started and more than 33,000
Palestinians have been
killed well the morning Palestinians are
gathering for Eid Al PR let's go to our
correspondent Tarak Abu aom he's joining
us live from Rafa in southern Gaza good
to see you TK and as Muslims around the
world begin to celebrate Eid how is it
being marked in
Gaza well right now and this year ID Al
for the majority of Gaza seem sounds to
be an extraordinary year an
extraordinary event specifically that
the majority of gin have been displaced
from the houses have lost the majority
of their beloved ones and right now as
you can clearly see at the backy ground
they are taking a part in celebrating uh
and rejoicing the celebration and the
arrival of Al they are here today to
perform the prayers of as they have been
Gathering congratulating each other
despite the great deal of Devastation
sadness and grief that surrounding them
they are right now here praying in the
open desp because of the fact that the
majority of mosques being completely
destroyed as the one that's so obvious
right now at the back of ground now they
are here just to uh to say that we are
trying to please ourselves despite all
the horrific and terrible circumstances
that they have been going through uh
since day one of the fighting
Palestinians in fact at each time this
year they were welcoming the with a
great joy and happiness they were
touring from house to house in order to
congratulate each other of the arrival
ofid they usually used to buy their
children clothes desserts and even
provide them with gifts and money but
this year it's completely quite the
opposite they are unable to buy their
children their uh clothes due to the
fact that they are financially broken
they are no longer even to afford the
basic uh food items just to make
desserts just to feel the vipes of
this Amed the Israeli unrelenting bomb M
and buming campaign that has been
carried out within the past a few weeks
and months and here today am at these
circumstances all of them are trying to
be together just to give them a sense of
safety after all the horrific uh
conditions that they have been going
through and here today they are all them
all of them are united and trying to say
that our real AIDS will be within when
the day of the return of our houses that
they were displaced from will
be and ttic even as as they keep that
resolve despite the incredibly
challenging conditions that they're
facing they are coming under more
Israeli attacks just the latest um that
we've been reporting on that you've been
reporting on overnight um on the nth
refugee camp an Israeli strike on a home
in that refugee
camp yes uh that's right despite the
fact that Palestinians were preparing
themselves to welcome and to Rejoice the
arrival of the Israeli fighter jets had
targeted a number of residential houses
one of the latest bloody and deadly
attacks had has killed at least 14
Palestinians in aarat refugee camp an
entire family being targeted the victims
included children and women they have
been killed without any prior warning as
the house completely reduced to the
ruffle and that is the reality that the
buming campaign continues casualties
among civilians continue uh continues to
rise without any kind of scale back of
the Israeli military attacks as uh
within the past uh 24 hours the Israeli
military had killed a number of
Palestinians and wounded others armed
their ongoing military campaign and as
Palestinians are trying to do their best
to welcome this event the Israeli
military drones are still buzzing in the
sky R District just to remind
Palestinians that there is no any sense
of safety even in a day that's supposed
to be as a day for celebration and
rejoice for the majority of despl gin
who have been suffering not only from
destruction but also from loss and grief
across the territory D thank you so much
for that that is our car spondent Tarak
Abu joining us live uh from
Rafa make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer